This package provides latest microcode patches
for AMD processor families >= 0x10.

See http://www.amd64.org/support/microcode.html
for details.

Microcode patches are included in container files:
- 'microcode_amd.bin' (for AMD CPU families 10h - 14h)
- 'microcode_amd_fam15h.bin' (for AMD CPU family 15h)

Please read the file INSTALL for install instructions.
Please read the file LICENSE for licensing information.

The container files include following microcode patches:

    mc_patch_01000083_PUB-v4/mc_patch_01000083.asm
    mc_patch_01000084_PUB-v4/mc_patch_01000084.asm
    mc_patch_010000C7_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000C7.asm
    mc_patch_010000C8_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000C8.asm
    mc_patch_010000D9_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000D9.asm
    mc_patch_010000DA_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000DA.asm
    mc_patch_010000DB_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000DB.asm
    mc_patch_010000DC_PUB-v1/mc_patch_010000DC.asm
    mc_patch_03000027_PUB-v1/mc_patch_03000027.asm
    mc_patch_05000028_PUB-v3/mc_patch_05000028.asm
    mc_patch_0500010D_PUB-v1/mc_patch_0500010D.asm
    mc_patch_06000624_PUB-v1/mc_patch_06000624.asm

***********************************************************************
Copyright 2008, 2012 ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.  All Rights Reserved.

AMD is granting you permission to use this software and documentation
(if any) (collectively, the “Materials”) pursuant to the terms and
conditions of the Software License Agreement included with the
Materials.  This header does NOT give you permission to use the
Materials or any rights under AMD’s intellectual property.  Your use
of any portion of these Materials shall constitute your acceptance of
those terms and conditions.  If you do not agree to the terms and
conditions of the Software License Agreement, you do not have
permission to use any portion of these Materials.  If you do not have
a copy of the Software License Agreement, contact your AMD
representative for a copy.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY,
TITLE, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR THOSE ARISING FROM
CUSTOM OF TRADE OR COURSE OF USAGE.

FOR CLARIFICATION, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THE MATERIALS REMAINS WITH YOU.  AMD DOES NOT WARRANT, GUARANTEE,
OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY,
COMPLETENESS, QUALITY, OR RELIABILITY OF THE MATERIALS.  AMD DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT OPERATION OF THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR-FREE.  YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE APPROPRIATENESS
OF USING THE SOFTWARE AND ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF
THE MATERIALS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE RISKS OF PROGRAM
ERRORS, DAMAGE TO OR LOSS OF DATA, PROGRAMS OR EQUIPMENT, AND
UNAVAILABILITY OR INTERRUPTION OF OPERATIONS.  Some jurisdictions do
not allow for the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, so
the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you.

IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD OR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES AND
AGENTS, ITS SUPPLIERS OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD
PARTIES IN RECEIPT OF THE MATERIALS UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER EQUITABLE, LEGAL OR COMMON LAW ACTION ARISING HEREUNDER FOR
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, INDEMNITY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE FOR DAMAGES WHICH, IN THE AGGREGATE EXCEED TEN DOLLARS
($10.00).  IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO
LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF INFORMATION ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE MATERIALS, EVEN IF AMD HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BY USING THE
MATERIALS WITHOUT CHARGE, YOU ACCEPT THIS ALLOCATION OF RISK.  Because
some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability
for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not
apply to you.

AMD does not assume any responsibility for any errors which may appear
in the Materials or any other related information provided to you by
AMD, or result from use of the Materials or any related information.

You agree that you will not reverse engineer or decompile the
Materials, in whole or in part.

NO SUPPORT OBLIGATION: AMD is not obligated to furnish, support, or
make any further information, software, technical information,
know-how, or show-how available to you.  Additionally, AMD retains the
right to modify the Materials at any time, without notice, and is not
obligated to provide such modified Materials to you.

U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS: The Materials are provided with
"RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government
is subject to the restrictions as set forth in FAR 52.227-14 and
DFAR252.227-7013, et seq., or its successor.  Use of the Materials by
the Government constitutes acknowledgement of AMD's proprietary rights
in them.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS: You shall adhere to all applicable U.S.,
European, and other export laws, including but not limited to the
U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”), (15 C.F.R. Sections
730 through 774), and E.U. Council Regulation (EC) No 1334/2000 of 22
June 2000.  Further, pursuant to Section 740.6 of the EAR, You hereby
certify that, except pursuant to a license granted by the United
States Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security or as
otherwise permitted pursuant to a License Exception under the EAR, You
will not (1) export, re-export or release to a national of a country
in Country Groups D:1, E:1 or E:2 any restricted technology, software,
or source code it receives from AMD, or (2) export to Country Groups
D:1, E:1 or E:2 the direct product of such technology or software, if
such foreign produced direct product is subject to national security
controls as identified on the Commerce Control List (currently found
in Supplement 1 to Part 774 of EAR).  For the most current Country
Group listings, or for additional information about the EAR or Your
obligations under those regulations, please refer to the U.S. Bureau
of Industry and Security’s website at http://www.bis.doc.gov/.

